liking this back and ready to react was
handyman sites let's get it in with
another reaction video so this one is
called a know is steep official trailer
number one let's get in here
ten years ago I could not have pictured
myself dragging my family the other side
of the world to start over welcome to
Asia
say your life
there to help alright I would thank you
you're larger just get your family the
hell out
let me tell you something you Hollywood
bigwigs political Giants out there if
this is propaganda to keep me from going
to Asia is working shit
it kind of scary right yeah you know so
so I might go down there while I'm gonna
have a nice hotel and join myself you
know I'm saying get there minute mr.
madness this week I'm laying down
chillin with like five Asian brats you
know to massaging each foot and you know
two massages in my hands and arms and
one size in the face and then all sudden
war breaks out and then I got turned
into let's not here think of a superhero
Brock Magnus No tyro Magnus is good
enough that I got turned into super hero
mode like John McClane in fuckin high
right I'm sorry I'm tall anyway who do
y'all think about this thriller this
thrill I actually looks looks pretty
interesting to me
so post the comments down below and let
me know what you think and if you like
my reaction hit the like button if you
didn't hit the like button 1 million
subscribers